I'm here turning my own 05 SDI
with the crab accessport to this is one
of the newest versions with the newest
firmware I really love it because it has
the launch control and an Olaf ship
very helpful for a gt35r car nice
because once you load the map in the car
all your changes are live in real time
so here we have the intake calibration
table I got my dashboard up here running
I could just make changes right on the
fly and save them that easy
I did a basic tune on the street nothing
too aggressive and we're just gonna do a
pull on the dyno here and see where
we're at
and then we'll make some adjustments
from there and see what kind of power
this monster is going to make today
let's do our data logging with a lock
the data
never happened
the air-fuel was nice a little bit on
the rich side right where its spooling
up okay we made some minor corrections
to the air-fuel are picked up some power
or just over 450
we're trying to boost up a little bit
the data log on
bring here for the wheel
god damn
Oh
that shit is nasty right there man let's
see all right turn up the boost a little
bit we definitely made a lot more power
we're getting close to 500 to the wheels
let's see
Oh
we got a Corvette
scr flower oh yeah baby that's the eye
for the wind bro take down in five you
know what I'm just happy that my fucking
STI with about three or four thousand
dollars with a month's whoop the m5s ash
man well I wasn't driving just a
disclaimer because I don't go street
racing but I got my friend to go street
racing for me to kick you bro you did a
great job driving my car you know what I
feel like the captain of a racing team
bro sending you out to race my car bro
whip someone's ass man exactly it's what
you call taking it for the team you
better believe it bro I'm just Subaru
power I love my fucking Superman when
you combine Subaru with the accessport
two men it's amazing result here i am
i'm headed to the airport
guardia airport and of course it's a
nice day man my drive my Subaru all
about keep it real and
the shit is hot man anyway I've go to
the airport has a nice plate man
can even zoom it on areas go to New
Orleans do some tuning man I strongly
believe it in helping the
the people New Orleans
fortune economic recovery
I am going there to support the local 2d
culture and so the couple cars say hello
to the bayou
this car man even though it's making
about 42 the wheels
throw to stock a see you it's still
reliable enough to take to the airport
you